[BRYCE (V.O.) (RECAP)]
Not many people know how I climbed
to my coveted position of power,
and can you believe I let these
cursed Cancers in on my backstory?
I told them about how Bobby got ripped
from my arms by my con artist mother,
who taught me the "Double Diva Diversion".
This little technique made me
cross paths with the man I soon loved...
Until he was a man I soon killed.
Every person I relied on for happiness
has let me down in one avenue or another.
I soon learned that the only
person I can rely on is myself.
[BRYCE]
And that's basically a recap of the story
I just finished telling you people.
[BRYCE SLAMS TABLE]
SIMPLETONS!
[THE CRAB LADY]
We're listening.
[BRYCE]
"wE'rE LiStEn" Yeah?
What was the last thing I said?
You know what?
To hell with you pricks.
I hope you Crabs get crabs.
[THE CRAB GUY]
Ma'am, you're already cutting our funding.
What more do you want from us?
[BRYCE]
To feel heard.
ME.
NOT
NOT MY
NOT MY MONEY!
[THE CRAB LADY]
I'm sorry, but maybe you carved
a life for yourself where
the only thing people
WANT to hear about...
IS your money.
[BRYCE]
Donovan, let's give these Crabs
enough holes to give us trypophobia.
[THE CRAB GUY]
Fuck, I spent my whole life doing this?!
[HELICOPTER FLIES OVER]
[DONOVAN]
What the hell is that?
[BRYCE]
Oh, shit!
H-hi, hi! Can I help you?
[PAGE]
Your presence is requested by The Board.
[BRYCE]
And what does The Board want with me?
[PAGE]
They're worried your new heart is
rendering you too weak to be a leader.
[BRYCE]
Weak?
Honey, I was about to pump
these fuckers full of more iron
than a bowl of Cheerios. :D
[PAGE]
You clearly haven't been
watching the news.
[REPORTER]
It's a grisly goddamn scene
tonight here as the police
uncover the body of CEO Mark Dutton
from the LA River.
I interviewed his wife earlier
this evening. This is all she gave me.
[MRS. DUTTON]
I'm just thankful the killer
told us where to find the body.
At least I know he wasn't cheating tonight.
[REPORTER]
I guess some killers really DO have a heart.
[PAGE]
You're getting soft.
And The Board will see
you at 8PM to discuss
the consequences of your behavior.
[THE CRAB GUY]
Someone's in trouble...
[PAGE]
This message will self-destruct in five seconds.
[DONOVAN]
And how exactly are you gonna do that?
[PAGE UNVEILS DYNAMITE]
[EVERYONE SCATTERS]
[STOCK TALKER]
Tankthrust stocks are in the shitter, folks!
And I do not think she's gonna come back...
[BOBBY]
Shit, that's her!
Look busy, twinks,
let's rack 'em and pack 'em.
This is not a drill!
[BRYCE]
Move.
[BOBBY]
Good morning, my tender cutlet!
[BRYCE]
Morning. Bobby, look, I told you if you're
gonna have sex bottoms over while I'm gone
to at least make sure they're domesticated.
[BOBBY]
They ARE domesticated, dear.
[BRYCE]
Bullshit, they're hardly housebroken!
There's a turd under the bed!
[BOBBY]
All right, bottoms, get the fuck out.
Out!
Out, God damn it!
What seems to be troubling you,
my little piece of hog shit?
[BRYCE]
The board wants to
see me tonight, Bobby.
And this time, they mean business.
[BOBBY]
And? I thought those
cocksuckers were afraid of you.
[BRYCE]
Maybe before I fucked this country over, sure, but...
Ever since I botched that presidency,
I wouldn't put a corporate
mutiny past these fuckers.
[BOBBY]
You're a fighter, Bryce.
And you always have been since
your very first day on the job.
[FITCHELL (FLASHBACK)]
So it's your very first day on the job,
and you might be wondering, "What am I doing here?"
Well, I'm gonna tell ya.
[FITCHELL (V.O.)]
At the Callco family, you'll
have opportunities to learn
exciting new skills, such as...
Faxing and filing on cutting-edge technology!
Answering phones!
And all good Callco family members stay in shape.
You don't just want to look good at
your job, you gotta be good at it too!
So, welcome aboard, and I hope you do your best!
'Cause you never know where this career might take you.
[BRYCE'S PROMISE]
"I promise to make an honest living
for the rest of my life, and no matter
the challenges ahead of me, I won't be my
mother, I will not resort to petty theft
and violence to get what I want.
I vow to one day be a woman of wealth,
and to have made every cent of that fortune
through hard work and good ethics!"
[DELORIO SLAMS COFFEE CUP]
[DELORIO]
Good morning!
[BRYCE]
Uh, g-good morning! I–
[DELORIO]
You do understand that in about... twenty seconds,
Mr. Hornborn's gonna be walking through that door.
[BRYCE]
In twenty– he's gonna– tha– he's early today!
[DELORIO]
He's never early, we're always late. I assume
you have his agenda printed and his latte milked?
[BRYCE]
His a– la– uhh... shi– oh fuck, uh,
I– uh, give me, like, five minutes–
[DELORIO]
I figured as much.
Good morning, sir! Everything is
ready for you in the conference room.
[FITCHELL]
Oh, good. Thankfully I have my coffee.
It is with a heavy heart that we must say
goodbye to a beloved member of the Callco family.
Donovan, I always said hiking was basically
suicide, and if your death has any meaning,
let it be that I was right.
And let us never be in nature again!
And now, let us welcome the newest member
of our Callco Family.
Her name is Bryce, but let's be nice,
girls can have boy names too.
[BRYCE]
Okay, I look forward to working with each of y–
[FITCHELL]
Next thing on the docket!
The bank was closed yesterday, so this month
your paychecks will have to be in cash.
I assume you can each find your own.
[BRYCE (V.O.)]
I took one look at what sat in that
envelope and nearly tied my own tubes!
I mean, I spent two goddamn weeks serving in that
shit palace, and all they thought to pay me was
[BRYCE]
40 FUCKING DOLLARS, ARE YOU KIDdinG mE—
[BRYCE (FLASHBACK)]
How long is this gonna last me?
[PAUL (FLASHBACK)]
It all depends on your ability to
avoid stress, anger, depression...
[BRYCE (V.O.)]
I knew I needed to speak to the one
person who could help me.
[BRYCE]
Hi! I've noticed my paycheck was pure shit
and I've come to help you out on your error.
[MR. THOMAS]
That is how much employees
like you make in this decade.
[BRYCE]
What do you mean, "employees like me"?
[MR. THOMAS]
The peniley challenged. Science has
shown that a third of a person's self-worth
is in his penis.
[BRYCE]
Hold on, you're telling me your job is math
and even you can't add up HOW FUCKED THIS IS?
[MR. THOMAS]
Hey, don't fight me, fight science.
[BRYCE]
Well, science isn't sexist.
[MR. THOMAS]
Women can make just as much as men at this company.
I mean, Janice makes more than I do.
Hey, Janice!
[JANICE]
Yes, Mr. Thomas?
[MR. THOMAS]
Tell her how much you get paid.
[JANICE]
A lot.
[BRYCE]
Yeah, and I got two guesses why.
Look, I want money without having to mutilate myself
like this balloon animal, you bearded prick!
[MR. THOMAS]
Hold on, I've got a pamphlet for this.
"Emotional Women in the Workplace and You"...
"Step 1: try throwing chocolate..."
[BRYCE]
YOU MOTHER—
—FUCK!
That is GOOD.
[YOUNG BRYCE]
Oh wow!
I really grew up to be a girl who sells
her beliefs for a chocolate bar.
[BRYCE]
You are too young to know
what you're talking about.
And besides, it's a Carmelo.
[YOUNG BRYCE]
Remember how your predecessor got
promoted for doing so much less?
[BRYCE]
Okay, you can shut the hell up
now, please, thank you.
[YOUNG BRYCE]
This is sad.
Looks like puberty's gonna destroy my backbone.
[BRYCE]
Shut up,
you shut up,
shUT UPP!! >:(
Oh, God...
[GLORIA]
Wow.
You look like you just
saw your first paycheck.
[BRYCE]
Yeah. I wish I hadn't.
[GLORIA]
I'm Gloria. I'm the head engineer.
[BRYCE]
I'm Bryce. I have a heart condition.
[GLORIA]
Yeah, I can tell.
You know, if you need help,
I know a thing or two about cardiology.
[BRYCE]
As a phone... engineer?
[GLORIA]
Honey, I only work here for the money.
[BRYCE]
Oh.
[GLORIA]
My real passion is the human body.
[BRYCE]
Ah, you're a pervert.
[GLORIA]
I'm a scientist.
[BRYCE]
Most of them are.
[GLORIA]
Well, if that blood puppet keeps giving you shit,
stop by my office. I'll give it a look-see.
[BRYCE]
Okay, you're not just trying to
give my tits a look-see, are you?
[GLORIA]
Girl, what tits?
[BRYCE]
Touché.
[BRYCE (V.O.)]
Little did my tits know that my problems
would soon be going from sour to rancid.
[BRYCE]
Hi! Hi! Can I help you?
[DIANE]
Well, according to your bank account, I doubt it.
[BRYCE]
Okay, I'm sorry, who the hell are you supposed to be?
[DIANE]
The name's Diane.
[BRYCE]
Mhm, of course it is.
[DIANE]
And you would be...
Addison Adderall?
[BRYCE]
She's my mother, and dead.
[DIANE]
Well, could you run this by
the cemetery next time you visit?
[BRYCE]
You're evicting me.
[DIANE]
Well the bank is, but I like to think I am.
[BRYCE'S HEART BUCKLES]
[BRYCE]
You are a fucking witch.
[DIANE]
A witch that is giving you 30 days to vacate.
Diane out.
[BRYCE (V.O.)]
I think it's safe to say at this point,
my tits had an idea something was wrong.
[TAMMY]
Jesus, you look like SHIT, Brycey!
[BRYCE]
Oh, this is just a little bit of stress,
mother, nothing my heart can't handle...
[TAMMY]
I'm not talking about your heart,
I'm talking about that outfit!
Blue ain't your color, honey.
[BRYCE]
Okay, I did not come here to get insulted,
mother. I came here for advice.
[TAMMY]
When you could've been working out...
[BRYCE]
Okay, mother. How did you make a living
before using me as a tool?
[TAMMY]
It's a Double Diva Diversion, my dear!
Before you, I used my roommate.
And now, I use my prison wife.
[BRYCE]
You don't have a prison wife, mother.
[TAMMY]
Then how did they get your pearls?
[BRYCE]
SHIT!
Goddamn, my fucking face...
[DELORIO]
The face of a drug addict.
You're on that marijuana, aren't you?
[BRYCE]
Get the fuck out of here,
this is a woman's reception area!
[DELORIO]
Then what are YOU doing here?
[BRYCE]
Oh honey, get the fuck out, now!
Out, motherFUCKER!
HOooooaUGHHH >_<
I hate working.
I hate this job so much.
[GLORIA]
Wow, you look worse than you did yesterday!
[BRYCE]
Oh, thank you!
[GLORIA]
Yeah, I think it's time I took you to my workshop.
Welcome to my Temple of Technology,
AKA the birthplace of the Porta-5000.
[BRYCE]
Holy moly, so compact, it'll fit in my purse!
[GLORIA]
And the next model gon' fit in your ass!
[BRYCE]
So this is where you design all these tech marvels.
[GLORIA]
Among a few other...
side projects.
[SIMIAN]
Hello. My name is Sim—
[BRYCE]
WHAT THE
[BRYCE PUNCHES SIMIAN]
FUCK?!
[GLORIA]
What the hell is wrong with you?
Do you know how expensive that thing is,
you dumb bitch?!
[SIMIAN]
She appears to be having a cardiac arrest.
[GLORIA]
Well, no shit.
[BRYCE]
I need to go to a
I need to go to a hoOOOSPItaL!
[GLORIA]
Simian, get momma the prototype.
I've always dreamt of a world where
heart transplants didn't require murder.
[BRYCE]
Oh, that's– I don't think that's how heart transplants work.
[GLORIA]
Then where are hospitals getting all them real hearts at?
[BRYCE]
Oh, shit.
[GLORIA]
Mmm.
[BRYCE]
So you're telling me this thing can
actually be installed in my body,
and pump blood?
[GLORIA]
We about to find the fuck out.
Scalpel.
[SIMIAN]
[GLORIA]
Now I'mma warn ya, this gon hurt like hell.
[BRYCE]
Oh, please.
[BRYCE STABS HERSELF]
[GLORIA]
God damn it, bitch.
[BRYCE]
Alright, do it quickly.
[GLORIA]
Simian, go hold the door.
[SIMIAN]
We are committing a crime.
[GLORIA]
What we're doing is fine, it's just on company time.
[DELORIO]
Hey! The fuck's happening in there?
[GLORIA]
Oooo, you did a number on this one.
[BRYCE]
Oh believe me, it did a number on me.
[DELORIO]
Hey, I– I know what marijuana sounds like.
[BRYCE]
Put it in!
[GLORIA]
Welp, here goes nothing.
[BRYCE]
Yes, I heard you. Why you knocking so much?
[DELORIO]
Who's in here with you?
[BRYCE]
Well, I don't know what you're talking about,
I've just been in here doing alone things.
[DELORIO]
Listen, bitch, oka–
[ALARM]
ARRIVING.
[DELORIO]
Shit!
Places, people! This is not a drill!
Serena Litell is landing!
[BRYCE]
I'm sorry, who?
[DELORIO]
The owner.
[BRYCE]
I thought Mr. Hornborn was the–
[DELORIO]
What are you doing?
Get in line, look presentable.
[FITCHELL]
Be honest, how do I look?
[DELORIO]
Like a man who has a–
a very lucky wife, sir.
Shit. Those are her heels.
Look alive, people!
[FITCHELL]
Sweetheart! You're back from Thailand early!
[SERENA]
I heard one of our employees died
and I came to disaster control.
It's not our fault, is it?
[FITCHELL]
No, of course not, dear.
[SERENA]
Oh, thank God for that.
Back to work, everybody.
[BRYCE]
Hi, Serena Litell. I'm Bryce Tankth–
[SERENA]
Why is it talking to me and not helping
my assistant bring in my bags?
[BRYCE]
It... would be very happy to.
W– Where– where is your assistant?
[BOBBY]
Oh good, you must be the new girl.
Take these to Ms. Litell's office and be DELICATE.
And then I've written you down a tailor
so you can get that dress resized,
how about that. Got it?
[SERENA]
Come, Bobby. Business matters await.
[BRYCE]
Bobby.
Where have you been?
[BOBBY]
You mean ever since that orphanage
your mother threw me into?
[BOBBY]
I spent my entire childhood in that kiddie clink.
[BOBBY (V.O.)]
And on my 18th birthday, oh, they wasted
no time in throwing me right back out
on the streets they found me.
And then I was saved by a gang of horny
criminals who called themselves
"The Worst People Alive".
We lived off of lube, leather, and a life of crime.
Until that evening when one of our hits went south.
You see, we didn't expect the
occupant to be home that night.
[SERENA]
Get out of my house, you perverts!
[BOBBY (V.O.)]
She let me live as long as I pledged to be
her "unpaid intern till one of us dies".
Turns out being toxic in the streets ain't that different
from being toxic in the workplace.
[BRYCE]
Damn it, so you don't have money.
Which is why I came here to– I–
efughhH.
I'm getting evicted this month, Bobby, and
I need help trying to keep a roof over my head.
[BOBBY]
Didn't you and your mother always do
that "Double Diva Dildo" shit?
[BRYCE]
"Diversion". And no, I'm not going
back to a life of crime, Bobby.
I'm making my money ethically now.
[BOBBY]
Well, I don't know that word.
[BRYCE]
And even if I WERE to go back to
the "Double Diva Diversion", I– I–
I'm not going to rope another person
back into that world of crime.
[BOBBY]
What if there was a way where you didn't
have to get another person involved?
[BRYCE]
Gloria! I have something else you can
build me that'll help fix my little heart.
[GLORIA]
Wow. You really miss him, don't you?
[BRYCE]
I– Yes, more than anything, and–
[GLORIA]
You realize how much it's gonna
cost you to build a sex bot?
[BRYCE]
Whatever it's worth, I'll pay double.
I just want one night with him first, and
the very next morning, I promise
you'll have however much you desire.
[GLORIA]
If you have so much money, why you
working here as a fuckin' receptionist?
[BRYCE]
It was Donovan's money.
He said in his will that it was only to be accessed if
a capable enough sex bot in his image were to be built.
So what's it gonna be, Gloria?
The clock is ticking.
[DONOVAN]
Donovan reporting for duty.
[BRYCE]
He's perfect.
[DONOVAN]
Why do you humans take so much time
preparing food, when all you do
is turn it into shit?
[BRYCE]
Because humans are gross,
and God is worse. He made us.
Me personally, I hate food.
I think I'm allergic to it.
Every time I eat it, I get fat.
[DONOVAN]
Is this a promise you made to yourself?
[BRYCE]
Oh yeah, every morning I say
that shit, can you believe it?
[DONOVAN]
If these are your beliefs,
then why are you teaching me how to steal?
[BRYCE]
We live in a world where it
takes money to make money, Donovan.
[DONOVAN]
I do not understand.
[BRYCE]
The odds aren't exactly in my favor
right now. In times like these,
it's okay to break the rules a little bit.
[DONOVAN]
I was built to be a sex object.
[BRYCE]
No, you were built to make me happy.
I just need you to hack into a certain
someone's computer and bump my salary
just enough for me to pay my rent.
[MR. THOMAS]
Closing time.
Good night, Ramon.
[DONOVAN, IMITATING RAMON]
Good night, sir. Say hello to
the wife and children for me.
[MR. THOMAS]
Good night, new lady.
[BRYCE]
Good night, Mr. Thomas.
Oh, and thank you so much for the
chocolate. It helped my mood,
and I'm no longer hysterical.
[MR. THOMAS]
Thank you for reminding me.
My wife is perioding,
and I left all my chocolate in the office.
[BRYCE]
Oh, want me to get– I can–
w– w– wait! Uh– okay, hold on!
Wait, wait, Mr–
[MR. THOMAS]
Not now, new guy.
[BRYCE]
O– I– I–
Everyone knows you have a small cock!
[MR. THOMAS]
Excuse me?
[BRYCE]
Oh– well, it's just office rumors,
really, but I thought you should know.
[MR. THOMAS]
Janice, that bitch.
[BRYCE]
No, no, it– wha– not Janice, no–
[MR. THOMAS]
Well, your dick would look small too,
if it was wedged between those melons.
And now I need the chocolate.
Hey!
What's the meaning of this?
Donovan? Is that you?
Jesus, what happened to your skin?
[BRYCE]
Mr. Thomas, I can explain every–
OH– Oh my god,
get the FUCK back in here!
ARE
ARE YOU
ARE YOU FUCKING
ARE YOU FUCKING CRAZY?!
[DONOVAN]
But you said it yourself:
[DONOVAN, IMITATING BRYCE]
"In times like these, it's okay
to break the rules a little bit."
[BRYCE]
Donovan, he has a wife and kids.
[DONOVAN]
Would you like me to handle them as well?
[BRYCE]
"Handle–" No, no. G–
Donovan, we HAVE to get rid of this body.
That is now priority number one.
Two...
Three!
[MR. THOMAS'S BODY LANDS IN DUMPSTER]
[DONOVAN]
Have we committed a crime?
[BRYCE]
YOU committed a crime, which is– that's okay,
because technically you're not human,
so technically we are in the clear.
[GLORIA]
I was wrong about you!
You weren't using him for sex,
you was using him for murder!
[BRYCE]
Okay, I see how this looks bad.
[GLORIA]
I am going straight to Mr. Hornborn's office
and I'm going to tell him the WHOLE thing!
[BRYCE]
Shit!
Gloria, Gloria, wait!
I need this job to turn my
piece of shit life around!
[GLORIA]
Get your hands off me, you murderer!
You probably killed the real Donovan, didn't you?
[GLORIA SLAPS BRYCE]
I knew it!
[BRYCE]
Oh, wait!
[GLORIA]
Stop what you're doing!
I got a crime to report.
[FITCHELL]
Oh shit!
[SERENA]
Make it quick! We're doing business stuff!
[GLORIA]
Well, does this "business stuff"
include background checks?
'Cause this new bitch you hired
killed Thomas in the parking lot!
[DELORIO]
THAT is a very serious accusation!
[GLORIA]
Were you just...
[DELORIO]
Cleaning the floors?
[GLORIA]
Oh.
[DELORIO]
...while giving expert head.
[SIMIAN]
You have deviated from your intended objective.
[DONOVAN]
I've only intended to serve
[DONOVAN, IMITATING BRYCE]
"Bryce Tankthrust".
[SIMIAN]
Kill.
[SIMIAN ZAPS DONOVAN]
[BRYCE]
Look, even if I did "murder"
Thomas in the parking lot,
why don't you tell them what
I murdered Thomas with?
[GLORIA]
Uh, my English suddenly limited...
[BRYCE]
Okay. Gloria's been building illegal
robots under your roof, Mr. Hornborn.
[BOBBY]
Now hold on. Can you prove this?
[BRYCE]
I think I will. Let's follow me, everyone.
All right, I know it's in here somewhere.
It's a big, white, clunky thing. It's hard to hide.
[GLORIA]
As you can see, this lady is
clearly unmedicated.
There's no robot here!
[SIMIAN]
Don't worry, mother.
I just killed the other much more
dangerous robot you built.
[GLORIA]
Wow! Who are you?
[SIMIAN]
You built me with company money.
You told me I was our ticket out of this dump,
and that Mr. Hornborn had a tiny little cock.
[SIMIAN GETS UNPLUGGED]
[GLORIA]
I wonder what he was trying to say.
[SERENA]
Gloria, it pains me to see my company
lose a strong woman today.
But it also lost a strong liar.
Pack your bags and fuck off!
[GLORIA]
One day that heart of
yours is gonna break,
and I won't be there to fix it.
[BRYCE]
Oh my God, oh my God!
Donovan! Donovan!
I will NOT lose you again...
Donovan!
We gotta get out of here.
[BRYCE'S LETTER]
"By the time you read this, I will be dead."
"I've left you some books on cardiology,
and the heart of the man you went ham on."
"You are the last man I intend on giving
my heart to, and if you're reading this
right now, well then,
I suppose it was worth it."
[BRYCE]
Donovan, what have I done?
[DONOVAN]
What was necessary.
[BRYCE]
I don't know what to do, Bobby.
I feel like every step I take in the direction
of living a decent life just leads me
two steps back, and,
dammit, I'm doing it all in heels.
[BOBBY]
Bryce, there's two kinds of
people in this world:
those who follow the system,
and those who con it.
Now, your mother might have been a bitch,
but God damn it, she was a genius.
[BRYCE]
Yeah, well, sorry, I'm not her.
[BOBBY]
No, you're more capable than her;
you know how to hide a body.
I know a criminal when I
see one, and right now...
Right now, I'm looking
at wasted potential.
[DONOVAN]
So what did he say?
[BRYCE]
He said to keep trying to be a good person.
[DIANE]
Put the sign right there. Thank you.
Okay, put more up on that side.
[OFFICER]
It's unclear where you're pointing.
[DIANE]
The left- MY left, not your left!
[DONOVAN]
By my calculations, your idea of being
a good person will not help us any longer.
[BRYCE]
OK, all right, new plan, new plan.
[OFFICER]
Diane, I'm not printing out more.
[DIANE]
Fuck off.
[CAR COLLISION]
[CITIZEN(?)]
Oh, there's been a collision that collided!
They just collided; there's a head rolling down the street!
[DONOVAN, IMITATING CITIZEN]
[OFFICER]
Hold on, I'm coming!
[DIANE]
Where the fuck are you going?
[OFFICER]
Didn't you hear that convincing pile-up?
There's probably bodies strewn across
the streets! And they need my help!
[DIANE]
I need your help!
There's somebody squatting in their own house!
[DOOR OPENS]
[DIANE]
Miss Adderall?
[BRYCE]
Come on in, sweetheart.
I'm just changing some laundry.
[DONOVAN, IMITATING CITIZEN]
Oh, now they've done it!
Those are parts of a baby!
[OFFICER]
Freeze!
[DIANE]
Miss Adderall?
Hello?
As of 12AM this morning, this house
and everything in it belongs to the bank.
[OFFICER]
Identify yourself, or I swear
I'm gonna get suspicious.
Whoa.
What are you?
[DONOVAN]
A diversion.
[OFFICER SCREAMS]
[DIANE]
These are so goddamn ugly,
but I'm taking 'em.
"I promise to make an honest living..."
[DIANE SCOFFS]
Oh, God.
That's pathetic.
[BRYCE]
Hey, I can't argue that, sister.
It IS pathetic.
And can you believe that
for a whole month,
I actually tried playing by the fucking rules,
and look at where it got me.
[DIANE]
Give me the keys and
get the FUCK out.
This dump belongs to the
bank now, street bitch!
[BRYCE]
You know... there's two kinds of people
in this world, sweetheart:
those who follow the system,
and those who run it.
[DIANE]
I always knew homeless people
were crazy, but THIS...
[BRYCE]
I'm not crazy...
This is the most level-headed
I've felt my whole life.
[THUD]
[DIANE]
oOOOF–
Oh, you dumb bitch–
[THWACK]
[DIANE]
Ms. Adderall, please!
[BRYCE]
You stupid bitch, it's
BRYCE
BRYCE TANK
BRYCE TANKTHRUST.
Red is definitely my color.
Donovan, we now have a new objective:
Eliminate all obstacles that get in the way.
[DONOVAN]
That get in the way of what?
[BRYCE]
Whatever I want.
[DONOVAN, IMITATING SERENA]
God damn it, Fitchell!
I'm so fucking mad at you today.
Meeting in your office in five seconds!
[BRYCE]
Well, about damn time! I knew you were overpaid,
but I didn't know you were SLOW.
[DOOR SHUTS]
[FITCHELL]
Where's my wife?
[BRYCE]
Why, she's in here.
With us. :D
[FITCHELL SCREAMS]
--  --
[DELORIO]
DO NOT SUPPORT THIS WOMAN
BY GOING TO HER LIVE SHOW!
Only an IDIOT would buy
tickets to see a woman
that you can see for free
on the damn interweb!
Why am I still here?
Someone milk me a FUCKING latte.
[TV30 LOGO]
BRYCE: EPISODE TWO
A TV30 PRESENTATION | EN-US SUBTITLES
ORIGINAL TRANSCRIPT AUTOGENERATED BY YOUTUBE
IMPROVEMENTS BY ERYMANTHUS | U/RAYDEEUX (https://github.com/raydeeux)
THIS SUBTITLE FILE IS A LIVING DOCUMENT; CHANGES MAY BE MADE AT ANY TIME.
QUESTIONS? CONCERNS? LATEST VERSIONS OF SUBTITLES?
GO TO https://github.com/raydeeux/hotbananastud-fansubs
EDITED USING VSCODE AND TESTED ON VLC MEDIA PLAYER FOR
ORIGINAL CHARCTERS BY BRANDON ROGERS (https://linktr.ee/brandonbored)
ALL RIGHTS BELONG TO RESPECTIVE OWNERS.
ORIGINAL VIDEO: https://youtube.com/embed/GuNDMqqsoNU
THIS SUBTITLE FILE IS MADE AVAILABLE UNDER THE TERMS OF THE OPEN DATABASE LICENSE:
http://opendatacommons.org/licenses/odbl/1.0/.
FOR A PLAIN LANGUAGE SUMMARY, SEE BELOW:
https://opendatacommons.org/licenses/odbl/summary/